That's not possible.
How can you be proud of the world?
The Promise Temple, which is feared by the world, follows history
Absolutely impossible
Believe it or not
The fate of the fall of the Wang family cannot be changed
Xiaowuji
Even if you are the Promise Palace, how about obeying it?
So what if you have to bow your head and kneel
The wealth and power status of the mother royal family
It's more than 10 times that.
Want to make an appointment with Wang Qiang
Delusional and still stubborn
It seems that you were a waste or a lift
If I don't
Qiao Wujie is my father
If you let him know that you humiliated Sister Wang in every possible way
You will have all the power to make you doomed
You villain
Good job you did
The Wang family died because of you, don't worry.
What's up?
Why did you hit me?
You still have the face to ask me
A century of experience
Generations of effort
It's all in your hands.